---
title: Day 1 Message 2024
permalink: /about-us/principals-message/day-1-message-2024/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Principal's Message
---
<p>2023 was indeed an exhilarating year. With the recovery from global pandemic, there was a spontaneous resurgence of the bottled-up TMJC spirit.  We witnessed the comeback of numerous events and activities that were disrupted by COVID-19, hence bringing back the vibrancy that defines life in TMJC. The pulse rose to a crescendo in Term 2 epitomised by the thunderous roars that reverberated the stadiums at the National School Games, and the full-spirited performance by our aesthetics groups at the Singapore Youth Festival.  Not to forget the moments where we came together to do our part for the community during our signature annual TM Connects and TM Unite!  At the end of the year, a group of our students embarked on deeply transformational overseas trips to Vietnam, Indonesia, and Malaysia. These experiences not only broadened their horizons but also enriched their understanding of diverse cultures, fostering a global perspective that is essential in today's interconnected world.  </p><p>All these would not have been possible without our dedicated staff who give their best to the students, as well as the empowerment and belief that TMJCians will give their best when the occasion calls.</p><p>As we step into 2024, we will continue our approach towards providing an all-round education for every TMJCian. Our focus is on preparing them for a future of life-long learning, where desire to learn and adaptability are key. Central to this approach is the integration of Character and Citizenship Education (CCE) into the total curriculum. CCE will be tightly woven into our educational programs, working hand-in-hand with other curricular implementation.  It will play a pivotal role in equipping our students with the necessary skills to manage JC life, and navigate the complexities of young adulthood. It will foster teamwork, resilience, and the ability to manage oneself effectively, ensuring that our students not only succeed academically but also thrive in various aspects of life.</p><p>As we embark on this journey into the future, we look forward to an equally, if not more, exciting year ahead.  With our dedicated staff and unstinting partners, we face the challenges of tomorrow with the enthusiasm and determination that define who we are as TMJC community. Together, let's continue to nurture an environment that inspires growth, resilience, and a passion for lifelong learning.</p><p><em>Our hearts and minds inspired,<br>Together as we grow.<br>We’re Tampines Meridian!<br>Our stories will be told.</em></p><p>Let’s look forward to a wonderful 2024!<br><br>Mr Sin Kim Ho&nbsp;<br>Principal</p><p></p>