---
title: Term 4
permalink: /event-highlight-about-us/2022/permalink/
description: ""
third_nav_title: "2022"
---
### Deepavali Celebration

Deepavali Celebration at TMJC kicked off with a broadcast production put together by Akash(22S207) and Bharathi Kannan(22S502) along with their team members from Tamil and Non-Tamil Indian Language students on the 20th of October which kicked off the mood for celebrations. The video production comprised of a travel vlog of our students exploring the sights and sounds of Little India during the festival of lights. Hindu teachers and staff also shared about their celebrations at home and the 10-minute broadcast ended off with an energetic Indian semi classical dance performance by our very own students Shakaanaa(22S501), Dhanyaa(22S501) and Aalia(22S305). Students from the Tamil Language Department along with Culture Promotion Club also put up beautiful decorations around the College to usher in the festival which fell on the 24th of October, 2022. This sparked off a festive mood in the midst of Project Work and A-Level Examinations preparations.  

The highlight of this year’s celebration was the Deepavali Bazaar organised by Tamil Language Students and Culture Promotion Club to raise funds to support Project Give, a community fundraising project by SINDA. Our students-initiated a VIA project to raise funds for students from needy families by selling Deepavali snacks, decorative items and setting up an activity corner to do Indian pottery painting. The bazaar which was held over two day 20th & 21st October, at the TM Cove raised a total of $367.00. The project leader Sruthi Rajesh(22S502) personally went down to hand over the funds to the Project Give booth set up at the Indian Heritage Centre. The students gesture to contribute towards the less fortunate during the festival season was commended by the chief executive officer of SINDA in a Facebook post on SINDAs official Facebook page. To round off the celebration, a gathering was arranged for Indian students on the 27th of October, when the staff and students were treated to a sumptuous lunch treat. Deepavali celebrations at TMJC was indeed a celebration of love, light and laughter.